HOW TO GET THE BEST OUT OF THE DRIVING RATIO?
I'm Michael Christensen, I'm a Porsche race driver
How I started was seeing the first race
of my life in Le Man 1999 and in 2000 I started karting just for fun
This year I will drive 24 hours of Le Mans
with Porsche Team Manthey
When you have the Porsche ignition key in
your left hand
you know it's going to be a good day!
Do you hear that sound? Really nice!
That is what Porsche is like!
Like the Avis Driving Ratio for me the
perfect road has the right combination of straights and tight bends, faster corners, slower corners
It has to be predictable and somehow a little bit unpredictable
The science behind the Avis Driving Ratio
is very interesting and I 'm looking forward
to test it here in the Black Forest
To do the perfect start you have to press the "Sport plus" button
You have to press the brake and you have to
go flat out on throttle and then you release the brake
Do you feel that acceleration? It's really
good! Perfect gear shift!
To perform the perfect acceleration you have to steer absolutely straight and you have
to shift at the right time to use the maximum power that you have got from the car
One thing about the flat-6 boxer engine is
that it has a unique sound and you will always
recognise a Porsche when the flat-6 engine passes you
To do the perfect corner you find the brake point, the brake pressure, you steer in and
you look to get your apex in the middle of
the corner
Then when you are there you try to find the
acceleration point and you go on the power to the exit
The Avis Driving Ratio of 10:1 is perfect
for me because it allows me to have a look around
enjoying the braking into the curves, accelerating out again
It's a good combination of relaxing and enjoying the car and the curves